I'm movin' different. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
I'm a dog. I'm bitin the fart bubbles in the bath.
We smokin Symbiotes!
Smokin that Whoopie Goldberg South Egyptian Furburger Deluxe Mega Millions Scratcher Skunk Bubba Kush.
We smokin' dung beetle.
I'm on twelve vicodins smokin' on Scooby Doo dick.
We smokin' Sequioa Banshee Boogers.
We snortin' that good Buffalo Soldier Tamarind Jordanian Jibbies.
They must have amnesia, they forgot that I'm Him.
That Burberry Backwoods Pack hittin' that pussy smell like a Hellcat V8!
We smokin' shit in a glass pipe blowin' the Lord's bubbles.
I'm sick in the head.
I'm on them Broward County Tic Tacs. I'm on them Georgetown Geronimos. I'm on them Nashville Nibblers.
I left my Margielas in the Benz Truck. I'll have to stunt on them next time.
I don't give a fuck if I go blind, I don't need to see the price tag anyway.
I'm high on twelve Jason Bournes, lookin' to beat the cum out of a Thick Fresh Oak.
We're smokin' filtered crack you stupid piece of shit! I'll fuckin kill you!
Call that pussy the Matrix 'cuz I'm in this bitch and I can't get out!
Last guy who ran off on the pack got choked out by some Givenchy gloves. The last thing he ever saw was the price tag on them. Slowly faded into darkness and I let the archangels take him.
I need more Sequioa Banshee Boogers!
Don't be shy girl, I love me some pastrami mud flaps.
I'm movin' like French Montana *HAA*!
Welcome to the Cream Kingdom, bitch! Open up!
My shooter a crackhead, he look like Woody Harrelson.
You ain't seen ten bands in your life, shit.
Reach for my neck, you'll get turned into an example.
Ya'll gotta stop playin' with me, man.
I threw diamonds at the strip clubs under the great pyramids. I pushed the camel through the eye of a needle. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
I'm movin' like Oppenheimer!
She dropped that ass on me from an egregarious angle. They thought I was Stephen Wallace.
Top shelf zaza disrupted my circadian rhythm.
I have seen the Magna Carta. I have seen the Eye of Horus. I was flippin bricks for Mansa Musa before ya'll even became a Type 1 Civilization.
This shit ain't nothin' to me you stupid piece of shit!
Step the wrong way and you will perish!
That pussy feel like Biscoff Butter.
You think I care about this shit? Ask me if I care about this shit. 'Cuz I don't give a shit!
If I had a dollar for every time they said I gave a shit, I'd be broke 'cuz I don't give a shit.
My bitch look like David Hasselhoff.
I balled so hard they thought I was a fuckin' nutsack!
This shit ain't nothin' to me, man. I'll kill you, you stupid piece of shit!
That pussy better stank, otherwise I don't want it.
Popped a perc 30, got straight to fuckin'
That pussy dulce. 
Smokin fentanyl-laced cereal milk, I see God.
This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
That pussy got me screamin', cryin', pissin', shittin', shootin' ropes.
Yeah we gettin' that pirate bay alien shish kabob cordycep money.
I hope them aliens are real, so that I have more things to FUCK!
Smokin' the Qui-Gon Jinn Vietnamese Phillips-head runts.
She suck me like a cordless Dyson V8.
I'm in the K-hole, lickin' balloon...knot.
When I got the meat cannon I be shootin' straight rope.
This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
Chanel optics got me seein' shit.
I need fentanyl slime!
I just popped a whole garbanzo bean, fuck you mean!
I smoke real Emrani, rapscallion ghost nuggets, y'all can't fuck with me.
I am Him. I been Him. I will continue to be Him.
Yellow rubies glistenin' like piss.
Gulpin' Sea-Monkeys by the gallon, my tummy feel crazy.
That coochie yummy, slime! That coochie doin' it for me, slime!
They thought they could stop a demon I'm back.
The zaza got me speakin' Esperanto. This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.
We out here cloud seedin', the scope gleamin'.
You can't trust me, I don't even trust myself!
I don't know who I am anymore, I'm gettin' too much money!
Ass so fat.
I'm peakin' off this Danny Phantom, slime. Can you remind me who I am?
Get the president on the phone now! I fronted him a brick, I need my money!
Hello? Black China?
